OSDOCS-16941: Fix DITA CalloutList in OLM modules (batch 1) (#115365)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-disabling-copied-csvs.adoc

  name: cluster
spec:
  features:
    disableCopiedCSVs: true
EOF
----
+

> `spec.features.disableCopiedCSVs`:: Specifies disabled copied CSVs for `AllNamespaces` install mode Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `spec.features.disableCopiedCSVs` field disables copied CSVs for `AllNamespaces` install mode Operators.
```
